docs: describe destructive action in docs (#1939)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/consensus-node.md

### Optional: Reset network

There are several ways to reset your consensus node, depending on what you need to preserve:

#### Option 1: Reset blockchain data while preserving configuration

This command removes blockchain data but keeps your node configuration:

```sh
celestia-appd tendermint reset-state
```

This preserves your configuration but removes:
- blockstore.db
- state.db
- evidence.db

#### Option 2: Manual reset (recommended for validator nodes)

For more precise control over what gets reset:

```sh
mv ~/.celestia-app/data ~/.celestia-app/old-data
mkdir -pv ~/.celestia-app/data

> cp ~/.celestia-app/old-data/priv_validator_state.json ~/.celestia-app/data/priv_validator_state.json

Author: I think that's right. can you please confirm @rootulp ?

> cp ~/.celestia-app/old-data/priv_validator_state.json ~/.celestia-app/data/priv_validator_state.json

Reviewer: Correct this only restores the validator state and not the validator key. But since the commands don't modify the `~/.celestia-app/config`, the validator key should remain intact. The validator key is by default stored in `priv_validator_key.json` which is in:

```
~/.celestia-app/config/priv_validator_key.json
```

Ref: https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/explanation/core/validators#validator-keys

> cp ~/.celestia-app/old-data/priv_validator_state.json ~/.celestia-app/data/priv_validator_state.json

Author: https://github.com/celestiaorg/docs/pull/1939/commits/e143aee17e41e0a623db07dc82c62be2e35697e2

### Optional: Reset network

There are several ways to reset your consensus node, depending on what you need to preserve:

#### Option 1: Reset blockchain data while preserving configuration

This command removes blockchain data but keeps your node configuration:

```sh
celestia-appd tendermint reset-state
```

This preserves your configuration but removes:
- blockstore.db
- state.db
- evidence.db

#### Option 2: Manual reset (recommended for validator nodes)

For more precise control over what gets reset:

```sh
mv ~/.celestia-app/data ~/.celestia-app/old-data
mkdir -pv ~/.celestia-app/data
cp ~/.celestia-app/old-data/priv_validator_state.json ~/.celestia-app/data/priv_validator_state.json
```

> This approach lets you selectively preserve critical validator state files.

Author: ```suggestion
This approach allows you to selectively preserve important validator state files. It restores only the validator state, not the validator key. By default, the validator key is stored in `priv_validator_key.json`, located at `~/.celestia-app/config/priv_validator_key.json`, so it will remain unchanged.
```

#### Option 3: Full reset (including validator keys)

> ⚠️ **CAUTION**: This will remove your address book, ALL blockchain data, and reset validator private keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **CAUTION**: This will remove your address book, all blockchain data, and reset validator private keys:
```

### Optional: Reset network

There are several ways to reset your consensus node, depending on what you need to preserve:

#### Option 1: Reset blockchain data with `reset-state`

This command removes blockchain data but preserves validator state and address book:

```sh
celestia-appd tendermint reset-state
```

This preserves your configuration, validator state (`priv_validator_state.json`), and peer connections (`addrbook.json`), but removes:
- blockstore.db
- state.db
- evidence.db

This option is safer for validator nodes and was created specifically for validators who need to reset without losing their validator state.

#### Option 2: Full reset with `unsafe-reset-all`

⚠️ **CAUTION FOR VALIDATORS**: This is considered "unsafe" because it resets validator state:

```sh
celestia-appd tendermint unsafe-reset-all --home $HOME/.celestia-app
```

This command:
- Resets blockchain data
- Resets validator state (`priv_validator_state.json`) 
- Clears address book (`addrbook.json`)
- Preserves node configuration

> Only use this during upgrades or when the chain is not moving. Always backup your validator keys before using this command.

Reviewer 2: Is this really supposed to be used during upgrades? It's not clear at all when this is actually supposed to be used. What does "chain is not moving" mean? Should they go to Discord first to check if that's the case?

Author: AI garble. fixing up...
